feat(progress-indicator): add support for progress bar (#1713)
ing-bank/lion: docs/components/progress-indicator/overview.md

A web component that implements accessibility requirements for progress indicators.

```js script
import { html } from '@mdjs/mdjs-preview';
import '@lion/progress-indicator/define';
```

```html
<lion-progress-indicator aria-label="Interest rate" value="50"></lion-progress-indicator>
```

## Features

This component is designed to be extended in order to add visuals.

> - Can be indeterminate or determinate, depending if it has a value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Can be indeterminate or determinate, depending on whether it has a value.
```

- Accessibility compliant
- Localized "Loading" label
- Implementation independent of visuals
- `value`: progress value, setting this makes the progress-bar determinate.
- `min`: progress min value
- `max`: progress max value

> - `--bar-color`: css custom property to set the bar color

Reviewer 2: Should still remove  these

> - `--bar-color`: css custom property to set the bar color
> - `--placeholder-color`: css custom property to set the bar's placeholder color

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
